README.md, before:

## **Mateen Jan Rafiq**
📍 I'm from **Denmark**, currently living in **Copenhagen**. <br/>
📚 23-year old **aspiring** *Full-Stack* *Developer* currently studying at **CPHBusiness**.<br/>
🏢 I work as a *Student Assistant* at **[Danish Technological Institute](https://www.dti.dk/)**.<br/>
🌞 When I'm not crushing bugs or building dreams, I can be found playing football ⚽, lifting weights 🏋️, boxing 🥊, and spending quality time with **friends** and **family** ❤️.

## 🛠️ Skills

### 💻 Languages
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
</div>

### ⚙️ Frameworks, Tools & Platforms
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React.js-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00758F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37626?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-0080FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalocean&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CI%2FCD-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Scrum-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=scrumalliance&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
</div>


## 📊 GitHub Stats
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/mateencph/github-readme-stats" style="margin: 10px;">
    <img height="200" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mateencph&show_icons=true&custom_title=General&theme=one_dark_pro" />
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  <a href="https://github.com/mateencph/convoychat" style="margin: 10px;">
    <img height="200" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mateencph&layout=donut&custom_title=Languages&theme=one_dark_pro&size_weight=0.3&count_weight=0.7" />
  </a>
</div>

## 🔭 I'm currently working on

<div align="center">
  <div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap; justify-content: center;">
  <a href="https://github.com/sanderMarcusChristensen/BI-Projects">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=sanderMarcusChristensen&repo=BI-Projects&theme=one_dark_pro&border_color=30363d" />
  </a>
&nbsp;
  <a href="https://github.com/SYSDAT-PATIENT-ASSIST/BackEnd">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=SYSDAT-PATIENT-ASSIST&repo=BackEnd&theme=one_dark_pro&border_color=30363d" />
  </a>
</div>
  &nbsp;
  <div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap; justify-content: center;">
  <a href="https://github.com/SYSDAT-PATIENT-ASSIST/FrontEnd">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=SYSDAT-PATIENT-ASSIST&repo=FrontEnd&theme=one_dark_pro&border_color=30363d" />
  </a>
    &nbsp;
  <a href="https://github.com/FrederikMoestrup/ALF4HUB">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=FrederikMoestrup&repo=ALF4HUB&theme=one_dark_pro&border_color=30363d" />
  </a>
  </div>
</div>

## 📬 Contact & Socials

[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mateenjan@live.dk)&nbsp;
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mateen-jan-rafiq-00719915a/)&nbsp;
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/leomateen)&nbsp;
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/mateenjanz0)&nbsp;
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discordapp.com/users/696747909546377376)&nbsp;
[![Spotify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spotify-1DB954?style=for-the-badge&logo=spotify&logoColor=white)](https://open.spotify.com/user/mateenjan1)&nbsp;

Commit message:

Revise job description in README
Updated employment status to include internship details.

README.md, after:

## **Mateen Jan Rafiq**
📍 I'm from **Denmark**, currently living in **Copenhagen**. <br/>
📚 23-year old **aspiring** *Full-Stack* *Developer* currently studying at **CPHBusiness**.<br/>
🏢 I work as a *Student Assistant* at **[Danish Technological Institute](https://www.dti.dk/)**, but currently at a 3-month internship in the same  company.<br/>
🌞 When I'm not crushing bugs or building dreams, I can be found playing football ⚽, lifting weights 🏋️, boxing 🥊, and spending quality time with **friends** and **family** ❤️.

## 🛠️ Skills

### 💻 Languages
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
</div>

### ⚙️ Frameworks, Tools & Platforms
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React.js-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00758F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37626?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-0080FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalocean&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Ubuntu-E95420?style=for-the-badge&logo=ubuntu&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CI%2FCD-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Scrum-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=scrumalliance&logoColor=white" />&nbsp;
</div>


## 📊 GitHub Stats
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/mateencph/github-readme-stats" style="margin: 10px;">
    <img height="200" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mateencph&show_icons=true&custom_title=General&theme=one_dark_pro" />
  </a>
  &nbsp;
  <a href="https://github.com/mateencph/convoychat" style="margin: 10px;">
    <img height="200" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=mateencph&layout=donut&custom_title=Languages&theme=one_dark_pro&size_weight=0.3&count_weight=0.7" />
  </a>
</div>

## 🔭 I'm currently working on

<div align="center">
  <div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap; justify-content: center;">
  <a href="https://github.com/sanderMarcusChristensen/BI-Projects">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=sanderMarcusChristensen&repo=BI-Projects&theme=one_dark_pro&border_color=30363d" />
  </a>
&nbsp;
  <a href="https://github.com/SYSDAT-PATIENT-ASSIST/BackEnd">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=SYSDAT-PATIENT-ASSIST&repo=BackEnd&theme=one_dark_pro&border_color=30363d" />
  </a>
</div>
  &nbsp;
  <div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap; justify-content: center;">
  <a href="https://github.com/SYSDAT-PATIENT-ASSIST/FrontEnd">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=SYSDAT-PATIENT-ASSIST&repo=FrontEnd&theme=one_dark_pro&border_color=30363d" />
  </a>
    &nbsp;
  <a href="https://github.com/FrederikMoestrup/ALF4HUB">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=FrederikMoestrup&repo=ALF4HUB&theme=one_dark_pro&border_color=30363d" />
  </a>
  </div>
</div>

## 📬 Contact & Socials

[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mateenjan@live.dk)&nbsp;
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mateen-jan-rafiq-00719915a/)&nbsp;
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white)](https://www.facebook.com/leomateen)&nbsp;
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/mateenjanz0)&nbsp;
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discordapp.com/users/696747909546377376)&nbsp;
[![Spotify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spotify-1DB954?style=for-the-badge&logo=spotify&logoColor=white)](https://open.spotify.com/user/mateenjan1)&nbsp;
